# Fractal generator

DESCRIPTION
Original program designed to generate multi-colored images of fractal structures in square, triangle and round fields.

GENERATION ALGORITHM
1.Creating shape
2.Moving shape

Starting with a field 500 by 500 pixels
//Creating shape
1.A random untaken tile is picked.
2.A color is picked randomly (red, green blue)
3.The chosen tile is colored in the chosen color
4.Color is picked again, if newly chosen color is not the same as thecolor chosen previously then the creating shape part is finished and movement part starts.
5.If the color chosen is the same then a random direaction is picked and if tile there is free the tile is being colored in the selected color.
6.Repeating steps 4 and 5 until the shape geneartion will end (either at step four due to different color being chosen, or at step five due to the busy tile)
//Moving shape
1.Direction picked randomly
2.If the tiles in the direction of the movement of the shape are busy then cycle is done, otherwise the entire shape is moving 1 pixel in the said direction and step one is reapeated until shape collides
with the border or with another finished shape.

HOW TO USE
In this project there are 3 .java files. CirclePixel - for round field, tringlePixel - for triangle field and pixelNEW1000 for default square field.
In each of these files there is java code which upon compling launches the window of a program. Be warned that the program takes a very long time to fully load.
Upon fully loading the program resolution will change to higher one and new elements of the interface will appear. On the top right there will be field where
the fractal will be generated. On the top left you will se a toolbox - there you will have a button to make a screenshot of the fracal and a label showing how full
is the field in percents. Below you will find a text line where you can enter the color to delete (red, green, blue). And on the bottom there will be actual
fractal generator. It is also represented by a console line you can write the a number of times to completee generate shape and move shape cycles.
(I would recomend starting out with about 10000 to 15000). Also I would recomend starting from a square field - pixelNEW1000.java, since this is most developed
and stable version of the project. Also keep in mind that in order for generation to take place it will require a lot of time and that changes would 
not appear in chronological order.


